# IBPM Mercury DB (HgDB) 

> Mercury DB is a service server (SOAP and REST) that allows you to manage any objects, also called cases. Its engine is based on the relational SQL model (data is stored in a relational database). The combination of objects and relationships allows you to use Mercury DB as an object database supporting ACID (Atomicity, Consistency, Isolation, Durability) transactions as well as integrating it with traditional BI (Business Intelligence) systems for business data analysis. It connects the world of NoSQL databases (such as ElasticSearch, Mongo DB) with the world of relational databases (Oracle, DB2, PostgreSQL, MySQL). The commercial version of the server is distributed by  IBPM. The website was created to promote awareness of the solution among mobile and web application developers. The articles will include API descriptions, good practices of using the system and news, development plans and interesting facts related to the implementation of both the server and its clients.

Mercury was created out of the need to effectively register, search, compare and audit data that is used during the operation of process applications in the company.

Mercury can act as a data repository for process applications (in particular IBM Business Process Manager ), a repository independent of the systems existing in the organization, a unified data repository for applications internally created in the organization (e.g. when we want to manage any data, we do not have a dedicated system and we create a solution within the organization, and we want the data to be safe and stored in a uniform manner for each application). 

Mercury is applicable wherever the data model changes dynamically as a result of application development. It provides constant access to data in all implemented models. It does not require data migration to new versions of data storage structures. The engine for identifying the types of stored objects performs the task of building ontologies, creates their new versions and links between them. The ability to define alternative field nomenclature allows you to create universal relationships between data from different systems.

The Mercury data repository stores metadata about the types of objects as well as the method of their presentation on  web forms and mobile applications. Therefore, it is an ideal solution for the implementation of the mechanisms of their automatic generation, dynamic presentation of data to the end user.

More about project and product you can read on [Mercury DB (HgDB) 3.0](https://hgdb-org.translate.goog/?_x_tr_sl=pl&_x_tr_tl=en&_x_tr_hl=pl&_x_tr_pto=wapp) page.
